CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
Nigeria Rent Transparency & Affordability Checker

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
In Nigeria, many tenants struggle with renting issues such as unclear rent
breakdowns, sudden rent increases, hidden fees, and difficulty knowing whether a
rent is affordable based on their income. There is also a lack of simple tools that help
tenants understand total yearly rent costs, agent fees, caution fees, and how long it
will take to save for rent.
    This program will help tenants by:
    Calculating the true cost of renting (rent + agent fee + agreement fee + caution fee)
    Checking whether a rent is affordable based on monthly income
    Comparing different rental options
    Helping users plan how long it will take to save for rent
This tool can assist students, young workers, and families in Nigeria when making renting decisions.


3. What will you learn from developing this program?

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.

